Document origin detection over UDS on EKS Fargate (#13287)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/dogstatsd/unix_socket.md

        **Note**: Remove `readOnly: true` if your application containers need write access to the socket.

**Note**: EKS Fargate doesn't support mounting host paths. Alternatively, the socket can be shared between the agent sidecar container and the application container using a `emptyDir` volume.

>     - Mount the socket folder in your `datadog-agent` container and the application container in the pod:

Reviewer: you might split it in two items

* Create the volume  (emptyDir) in the applicative pod.
* Mount the volume in each pod's containers

        hostPID: true
    ```

> **Note**: EKS Fargate doesn't support `hostPID`. Alternatively, you can set `shareProcessNamespace: true` in the pod template spec.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: EKS Fargate doesn't support `hostPID`, so instead set `shareProcessNamespace: true` in the pod template spec to be able to use UDS origin detection.
```
